# Wiper Control System

Wiper is an essential component that used to wipe raindrops or any water from the vehicle’s windscreen. The previous system
used to activate the wiper manually and the process of pulling up the wiper is difficult to be handled. Thus, this system is
proposed to solve these problems. The objectives of this project are to upgrade the older cars system by providing automatic
wiping system, to improve the system by using sensor with actuator and to design a basic program that will fully operate with
the system. The concept of this proposed wiper system is similar with other existing conventional wiper. we here are using a STM32F4 discovery board,a ARM microcontroller to display the vehicle filtered control system.Also an automatic rain sensors are now a must to make drivers comfortable and reduce the risk of accidents. Although such devices are on the market, they are relatively popular in the automotive industry due to their high cost and other similar limitations. The purpose of this project was to promote another low cost model in the market while maintaining efficiency.Most of the car cables are driven by a DC motor but the STM32 discovery doesn't have a motor so here we are testing the use of LEDs in this application as a wiper control.The STM32 discovery board has 4 LEDs,a push button and a reset button. The colors of these LEDs are orange, green, red and blue. The current limiting resistor connects the four user LEDs to the PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15 PORTD pins on the recovery board. GPIO pins are configured as digital input pins to enable the button on the STM32 controller. Press and hold the user button for 2 seconds and the LED will turn red. If the ignition key is in ACC.Rain sensors, microcontrollers, and driver integrated circuits(ICs) are key components used in the construction and operation of the proposed devices.The LED will also flash to indicate that the wiper is on.This device transforms hard manual labor into a smooth automation
